Hello and welcome to this art tutorial and to produce tutorials we implemented our logistic regression
model on python.
And this time we're going to do it on our.
So the first thing need to do is to set a working directory.
Right now I'm on my desktop.
So let's go to the machine or an easy folder.
Part 3 classification section logistic regression.
And here we are on the right folder.
So that's the folder to set up working directory let's make sure we have the social network ads.
See as we file.
All good.
So I'm going to click on this more button here to set this folder as a working directory.
And here we go.
Everything is fine we're ready to start making the model.
So the first step as usual is to preprocess the data and to do this of course we're going to use our
data pre-processing template that we made in part 1.
So I'm going to select all this copy and then I'm going to go back to my logistic regression file to
paste it here.
All right and now we just need to change a few things to pre-process are they.
That's of course the name of the data set here which is social network ads.
All right.
And then we interchange another few more things.
But first let's select this line to see what our dataset looks like.
So command and control us enter to execute.
Here we go the data set is well imported.
Let's click on that.
And here is the data set.
So as a quick reminder this dataset contains informations of users of a social network.
These informations are to user id the gender the age and the estimated salary and the social network
has several business clients and its business clients put ads on the social network for marketing campaigns
purposes and one of their business clients is a car company who has just launched its brand new luxury
SUV at a ridiculous price.
So this car company put ads of their SUV product on the social network.
And then the social network gathered some informations about which users responded positively to the
ads and by buying the product and those who responded negatively by not buying the product.
So that's what the last column is about.
The last column tells for each user if the user bought the car and then it's a one or didn't buy the
car and then it's zero.
All right so that's the business problem itself.
And now our mission is to make logistic regression model that will try to understand the correlations
between information such as the age and the salary and the decision of the user to buy yes or no the
SUV.
All right so let's go back to our logistic regression model and let's see what we need to change next
.
So this line is to select the variables who want to train our model with.
So as I just said we're going to train our model with only the age and the salary.
So that means that we want to predict that the user is going to buy the SUV based on only the age and
the salary.
So here will need to select the indexes of the columns we want to take for our model.
So I'm going to remove that as comment and let's look at the indexes.
OK so indexes in our data one that's one two three four and five.
So we only want to take the indexes 3 4 and 5.
So let's do this.
We're going to choose from three to five.
All right so now let's select this and execute.
All right.
And now if we go back to our data sets you can see that we only have our three columns of interest which
are the age the salary and purchased.
Okay.
Now next step next step is to split the data sets into the training set and the test sets and here what
we only need to change is the split ratio or maybe not.
But we have 400 observations I think a good split would be to have 300 observations in the training
set and 100 observations in the test set.
And to do this we need to take 0.75.
That is 75 percent go into the training set.
That is 300 observations.
Okay so let's look like this and come in or control us enter to execute.
Here we go.
Now let's look at our training set and our test set.
All right so our training centers you can see has 300 observations and the test said has 100 observations
listed here.
Perfect.
Now let's go back to a logistic regression and take care of the next step which is the feature scaling
.
So for classification it's better to do feature skating.
So we're going to do it we're going to remove those guns here by pressing command or control plus shift
plus seat.
All right.
And now let's check that we have the right indexes here we have indexes two and three here.
The dependent variable is categorical.
So we will only scale this and that's index 1 and 2.
So let's go back to our logistic regression model.
And so here we need to choose one to two let's do it for the 4 to 1 2 and 1 2.
All right.
Select this in a control and so execute.
And here we go.
Now let's have a look at our training sets.
The age and the salary are perfectly scaled and the same for the test sets.
Perfect perfect scale.
All right so we are done with the data preprocessing phase.
Now our data set is well preprocessed.
So that's the end of this tutorial.
I can't wait to build this logistic regression model on our dataset that is now prepared in the next
tutorials.
Until then enjoy machine learning